At present, air pollution has become an increasingly serious environmental problem faced by countries all over the world, so many scholars have carried out a lot of research on this issue. American scholar Desonie did a survey of the total amount of pollutants discharged in the United States in 2007. The results show that the annual pollutant emissions in the United States amount to more than 160 million tons, of which 49% of air pollution emissions are caused by transportation, 28% Emissions are caused by combustion of factory fuels and power plants, with 13% of evaporated volatiles, 3% of solid waste, and 7% of other sources of pollution [1]. The US EPA regulates 189 kinds of pollutants. The most important pollutants include ozone, SO2, CO, NO2, particulate matter, and heavy metal lead. Other pollutants include benzene, methyl chloride, dioxins, asbestos, toluene, heavy metals such as cadmium, mercury, chromium, etc. [2]. Desonie analyzed the state of air quality in the United States. The results showed that from 1970 to 2003, the US population increased by 39%, GDP increased by 197%, and energy consumption increased by 45%. Among them, the US EPA stipulated the six major pollutant emissions. The amount is reduced by 51% [3]. McGonigle and other scholars [4] study air pollutants comprehensively and establish emission inventories to identify major sources of pollution by measuring emissions of air pollutants from industry and enterprises. Elbir et al. [5] studied the total emissions of primary air pollutants NOx, SO2 and PM10 in Lzmir, Turkey. It was found that SO2 mainly comes from industrial pollution sources, human activities are the main source of pollution of PM10 pollution, and car emissions have the greatest impact on NOx emissions. Faiz [6] studied the vehicle exhaust emission standards and their prevention and control measures, pointing out that with the increase of the speed of heavy truck diesel engines, CO, NO2, HC pollutant emissions increased significantly. Cheng [7] conducted a comparative analysis of the US and China's air pollution index, pointing out that the United States is the first country in the world to set up a pollution standards index (PSI). After that, many other countries followed the US standard. Based on the country's air quality, it has established domestic air quality standards and release systems, such as China's air pollution index (API) and air quality index (AQI), daily air quality index (DAQI) in the UK, regional pollution index (RPI) and regional air quality index (RAQI) in Australia. Hester[8] studied the urban environmental quality of different countries and found that the cities with the highest concentration of SO2 and PM10 were distributed in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. For example, the annual average of PM10 in Africa was 40-150 µg/m3 in 2006, while 20-70 µg/m3 in Europe and all countries also took active measures to reduce the impact of air pollution [9]. Harrison [10] pointed out that successful pollution reduction strategies have been carried out in North America and Europe, and some cities have no SO2 and PM10 pollutants in the air.

References
[1] Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). “Energy Star.” Available online.URL: http://www.energystar.gov. Accessed March 16, 2007. 
[2] Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).  “Toxic Air Pollutants.”  Available online. http://www.epa.gov/air/toxicair/index.html. Accessed March 16, 2007. 
[3] Environmental Defense. “Scorecard: The Pollution Information Site.”  Available online.  URL: http://www.scorecard.org/. Accessed March 16, 2007. 
[4] MeGonigle A.J.S., Thomson C.L., Tsanev V.I., Oppenheimer C, et al.  A simple technique for measuring power station SO2 and NO2 emissions [J]. Atmospheric Environment, 2004(38): 22-25. 
[5] Elbir T., Aysen M. Estimation of emission strengths of primary air pollutants in the city of Izmir, Turkey [J]. Atmosphere Environment, 2004(38): 1851-1857. 
[6] Faiz A., Weaver Ch., et  al. Air pollution from motor vehicles: standards  and  technologies  for  controlling emissions [M]. Washington: World Bank Technical Paper, 1996. 
[7] Cheng W.L, Chen Y.S, Zhang J.F, et al. Comparison of the revised air quality index with the PSI and AQI indices [J]. Science of the Total Environment, 2007, 382(2): 191-198．
[8] Hester R.E. Air Quality in Urban Environments [J]. The Royal Society of Chemistry, 2009(23): 134-145. 
[9] Gurjar B.R. and Lelieveld J. Megacities and Atmospheric Pollution [J]. Atmospheric  Environment, 2005, 39: 391–393. 
[10] Harrison M., Jones M. and Lawrence R. G.  Pollution: Causes, Effects and Control [J]. Atmospheric Environment, 2004(38): 4531–4538.  
Since the industrial revolution, with the accelerating industrialization process, developed countries in Europe and the United States have first experienced air pollution problems. Since the 1930s, industrialized developed countries have witnessed public nuisance incidents, such as the Maas Valley event in Belgium (1930), the Donora incident in Pennsylvania (1948), and the London smog incident in the United Kingdom (1952). These public nuisances have caused widespread concern, and many countries have to take measures to combat air pollution. In 1956, the United Kingdom enacted the Clean Air Act, which made regulations for polluting enterprises to stay away from residential areas and raise chimneys to spread pollutants away from densely populated areas. Later, other industrialized countries have also formulated some regulations on air pollution prevention and control for similar reasons. In short, after decades of efforts by developed countries in Europe and America, the quality of ambient air has been greatly improved.

Major air pollution prevention regulations and standards in Europe and America 

1) European major air pollution prevention regulations and standards.
European countries have signed a series of transnational agreements on the transboundary transport of atmospheric pollutants. These agreements stipulate the reduction of atmospheric pollutants transported by countries such as sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides within a certain period of time. In 1979, with the support of the UN Economic Commission for Europe, the long-distance cross-border air pollution treaty was signed. in 1985, the first sulfur agreement was signed in Helsinki, Finland, to limit sulfur emissions; the second sulfur agreement signed in 1994 (Oslo agreement) The first time in the settlement of ecosystems to reduce the gap between actual settlement and critical settlement, the agreement formed a national emission reduction agreement, different countries agreed. The Gothenburg agreement of 1999 set 2010 limits on sulphur, nitrogen oxides, ammonia, and volatile organic compounds. In the past 20 years, international cooperation on air pollution control in Europe has played a significant role in reducing emissions and improving environmental quality. From 1980 to 1996, European sulfur dioxide emissions were reduced from 60 million tons to 30 million tons. According to the Gothenburg agreement, sulfur emissions in Europe were in 2010. It will be reduced by 50% before. The next step in European air pollution control will continue to take measures against smoke and fine particles. In 1996, the Council of Ministers of the European Commission adopted the EU air quality standards.

2) Major air pollution control regulations and standards in the United States.
The US Clean Air Act was passed in 1970 and major changes were made in 1977 and 1990. The main purpose of the legislation is to meet the National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS), the national ambient air quality standard established by the US Environmental Protection Agency in 1997. The main provisions of the US Amendment to the Clean Air Act of 1990 are:
a)	Air quality control area. The Clean Air Act requires the Federal Environmental Protection Agency to delineate the air quality control zone. The country is divided into 247 air quality control zones. In addition to the state's air quality control area, the Federal Environmental Protection Agency Director has the authority to delineate the interstate air quality control area. The pollution problem in the interstate air quality control area is managed by the interstate air pollution control agency jointly established by the relevant state government.
b)	State implementation plan. The Clean Air Act requires states to report to the Federal Environmental Protection Agency the national air quality standards implementation plan for each air quality control area within the state within nine months of the issuance of the National Air Quality Standard. Establish equipment, methods, and procedures necessary for monitoring and analyzing air quality data, plan for the reconstruction, construction and operation of fixed pollution sources, regularly inspect and test the compliance of motor vehicles with emission restrictions, and implement a major fixed pollution source construction permit system in non-standard areas. And so on.
c)	License. The Clean Air Act of 1990 only requires new sources of pollution to obtain permits.
d)	Quotas and transactions for sulfur dioxide emissions. The 1990 Clean Air Act Amendment stipulates a sulfur dioxide emission permit and a pollutant discharge trading system. Its objectives are implemented in two phases. By 2010, the sulfur dioxide emissions of major power plants will be reduced by 10 million tons compared with the 1980 emissions, and effectively Reduce the cost of sulfur dioxide emission reduction. The main control object is the power station. The power station included in the control plan will receive a certain amount of emission allowance according to the original emission, and the annual emission should not exceed the quota for this year. The Federal Environmental Protection Agency auctions a certain number of quotas each year, and quotas can be bought and sold and saved.
Sources of mobile pollution. The 1990 Clean Air Act Amendment provides for more stringent mobile pollution source emission standards, requiring automakers to reduce hydrocarbon emissions and nitrogen oxides from vehicle emissions. It is stipulated that 40% of the vehicles sold in 1994 should meet this standard, and 100% of the vehicles sold in 1996 should meet this standard. At the same time, it is stipulated that the above pollutant emissions from the source of mobile pollution will be further reduced by 50% from 2003. In line with the above criteria, the amendment provides for two fuel-related plans.

Effective measures for air pollution control in Europe and America

1) Major air pollution control measures in Europe.
In view of the serious air pollution situation, the air pollution control in European countries is based on the implementation of the air pollution control plan according to the characteristics of each country. The main measures taken are as follows:
a) Promote energy conservation, increase the use of renewable energy resources, optimize household management practices, reduce road traffic emissions, and increase the use of cleaner production technologies.
b) Improve urban air quality through the replacement of coal and heavy oil by controlling the fixed source and motor vehicle nitrogen oxides and reducing diesel engine emissions.
c) All countries fulfill existing international conventions, such as the Geneva Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution.
d) Establish and implement a complete inventory of emissions and implement integrated prevention and control of atmospheric pollution.
2) Major air pollution control measures in the United States.
The US air pollution control has its own characteristics, and it is especially worth mentioning emissions trading. Since the 1970s, the US Environmental Protection Agency has attempted to use emissions trading to manage air pollution sources and gradually established an emissions trading system with bubbles, compensation, banking, and capacity savings as the core content. During this period, emissions trading was only carried out in some areas, involving various atmospheric pollutants such as sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, particulate matter, carbon monoxide, and ozone-depleting substances. The forms of transactions were also diverse, which laid the foundation for the full implementation of emissions trading. After the adoption of the Amendment to the Clean Air Act in 1990, the federal government began to implement the acid rain control program. Sewage trading was mainly concentrated on sulfur dioxide. It was implemented in the nationwide power industry, with a reliable legal basis and detailed implementation plan. Extensive emissions trading practices. The practice of sulfur dioxide emissions trading in the United States shows that emissions trading has significant environmental and economic effects: the reduction of sulfur dioxide emissions greatly exceeds the target, and the market price of pollutant discharge permits is far below the expected level, which fully reflects the environmental quality of emissions trading. And the two advantages of reducing the cost of compliance.

1.1.3 Research progress on air quality model
1) Development of air quality model
The air quality model is a mathematical model that takes into account the various processes and influencing factors of atmospheric pollutants to quantitatively describe the numerical patterns of pollutant transport, diffusion, chemical reactions, and removal processes in the atmosphere. The study of air quality models began in the 1960s and has since grown to the third generation.
First generation air quality model
In the early period, in the 1960s and 1980s, it was the development period of the first generation air quality model. The air quality model was mainly represented by the local smoke diffusion mode, the box mode and the Lagrangian trajectory model [1-3]. In the late 1960s, the United States began to develop a photochemical oxidation mode. During this period, a linear mechanism was used to describe the diffusion-conversion process of contaminants, which was applied to simulate the long-term average concentration of inert contaminants. The main modes are ISC mode based on Gaussian mode and CALPUFF mode [1]. At the same time, there is also a box model for the development of photochemical smog. On the basis of this, in the mid-1970s, the US Environmental Protection Agency EPA introduced the empirical dynamics simulation method (referred to as EKMA, for example, OZIPM series), which is mainly used for forecasting local conditions. A small number of pollutants in the troposphere air and the Gaussian smoke flow formula is used as the basis for the forecast.
Second generation air quality model
In the late 1970s, a complex meteorological model and a detailed nonlinear chemical reaction mechanism were added to the control quality model to form a second-generation model based on the Euler mesh model [4]. There has been an increase in the spatial extent and types of pollutants, and the spatial extent has grown to three scales: local, urban and regional. However, in each spatial range, only one forecast method can be used to treat a particular contaminant. Some three-city-scale photochemical pollution models (such as CIT, UAM) and regional photochemical pollution models (such as ROM, RTM) and UAM-IV have been identified as regulatory models by the US Environmental Protection Agency. In the mid-1980s, regional acid deposition models (RADM, STEM-II, ADMO) developed by the United States and Canada were also used to study photochemical pollution problems. In the 1990s, the CALGRID model was developed by the UAM model, and the UAM-V mode was developed by the RTM-III model. Europe has developed the EURAD simulation system based on the RADM model. The model of this period can simulate atmospheric pollution problems at the urban and regional scales, and the initial use of aerosol modules is that it begins with a preliminary comprehensive simulation function, but still focuses on the study of a single problem. The main modes are acid deposition mode and photochemical pollution based mode.
Third generation air quality model
Since the 1990s, the US Environmental Protection Agency has been working on the development of the third generation air quality simulation system named Models-3, built on the concept of “one atmosphere”, no longer distinguishing between single pollution problems, but the entire atmosphere as research. Overall, all physical and chemical processes are simulated at various scales [5, 6, 8]. It has been extended to the continental scale in the spatial range [8], and multiple pollutants can be predicted simultaneously, and the feedback between chemical and meteorological elements is added to the forecasting method. Due to its flexibility, versatility, and openness, it has become the most widely used air quality simulation system in the world. The main modes are various models developed by different researchers including CMAQ and CAMx. Currently, Models-3/CMAQ replaces UAM as the air quality model recommended by the US Environmental Protection Agency, and CAMx is also used as a regulatory model in some US states (such as California, Texas, etc.).

2) Introduction to the third generation air quality model
The third generation air quality model is designed not only to consider a single air pollution problem, it is driven by meteorological models (such as MM5, WRF [7], etc.), and relies on the output of the source processing model (such as SMOKE, etc.) for all The physical and chemical processes of pollutants in the atmosphere are simulated [6]. In the late 1990s, the US Environmental Protection Agency designed and developed the third-generation air quality model system Models-3/CMAQ. CMAQ is a multi-module integrated, multi-scale grid nested three-dimensional Euler model that breaks through the traditional model for a single species. Or the simulation of single-phase species, taking into account the mutual conversion and mutual influence of different pollutants in the actual atmosphere, creating a new concept of model development, which can be used for forecasting, evaluating and decision-making of air quality of multi-scale and multi-pollutants. And many other uses. The models currently used in air quality simulation and air pollution control are mainly CMAQ developed by the US EPA, CAMx developed by ENVIRON, NAME of the UK, CHIMERE of France, EURAD of Germany, LOTOS-EUROS of the Netherlands, RAQM of Japan and China's NAQPMS and RegADM.
In these modes, not only the air quality is simulated, but also the pollution process can be further analyzed during the calculation process. For example, CAMx, NAQPMS, etc. can analyze the source of pollutants. In addition, the WRF-CHEM[9] model developed by NCAR of the US Atmospheric Research Center considers the two-way feedback process of meteorological and atmospheric pollution, which to some extent represents the future development of regional atmospheric models. The mainstream direction. As the complex pollution phenomenon becomes more and more complicated (photochemical pollution, acid rain, sandstorm, etc.), the new air quality model is also being developed and improved. Currently, the United States Environment Program is developing a hydrosphere, the atmosphere, The interaction between the lithosphere, a more comprehensive and objective description of the fourth generation air quality model of pollutant transport and diffusion in the entire ecosystem [5].

References
[1]	Holmes N S, Morawska L. A review of dispersion modelling and its application to the dispersion of particles: an overview of different dispersion models available[J]. Atmospheric environment, 2006, 40(30): 5902-5928.
[2]	Sivacoumar R, Thanasekaran K. Comparison and performance evaluation of models used for vehicular pollution prediction[J]. Journal of environmental engineering, 2001, 127(6): 524-530.
[3]	Vardoulakis S, Fisher B E A, Pericleous K, et al. Modelling air quality in street canyons: a review[J]. Atmospheric environment, 2003, 37(2): 155-182.
[4]	Bowen Xue, Jinnan Wang, Jintian Yang, et al. Domestic and Foreign Research Progress of Air Quality Model [J]. Environment and Sustainable Development, 2013, 38(03): 14-20.
[5]	Zhanshan Wang, Xiaoqian Li, Zongshuang Wang, et al. Application status ofmodels- 3/CMAQ in environmental management[J]. Environmental Science & Technology, 2013,36(6L): 386- 391
[6]	Binkowski F S, Roselle S J. Models‐3 Community Multiscale Air Quality (CMAQ) model aerosol component 1. Model description[J]. Journal of geophysical research: Atmospheres, 2003, 108(D6).
[7]	Ozdemir H, Mertoglu B, Demir G, et al. Case study of PM pollution in playgrounds in Istanbul[J]. Theoretical and applied climatology, 2012, 108(3-4): 553-562.
[8]	Napelenok S L, Carlton A G, Bhave P V, et al. Updates to the Treatment of Secondary Organic Aerosol in CMAQv4. 7[C]7th annual CMAS Conference. 2008.
[9]	Rahman M M, Rahman M M, Momotaz M. Environmental quality evaluation in Dhaka City Corporation–using satellite imagery[J]. Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers-Urban Design and Planning, 2019, 172(1): 13-25.
[10]	Dipu S, Prabha T V, Pandithurai G, et al. Impact of elevated aerosol layer on the cloud macrophysical properties prior to monsoon onset[J]. Atmospheric environment, 2013, 70: 454-467.

1.1.4 Overview of air pollution prediction methods

With the rapid advancement of urbanization and industrialization, air quality has deteriorated, which has negatively affected the quality of the living environment and even hindered economic growth in some areas [1, 2]. People’s concerns about the deterioration of air quality have intensified. Mega-cities, such as Hong Kong, use regional numerical air quality models, such as community multi-scale air quality model and comprehensive air quality model, to provide air quality indexes (AQI) monitoring results and forecasts for public [3]. The inhalable particles produced by industrial pollution have small particle size, large diffusion area, strong activity, and can enter the body through the respiratory tract, which has a bad influence on cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases and seriously endangers human health [4]. Therefore, the prediction of air pollutants plays a vital role in the early warning and control of environmental pollution. Especially the modeling and prediction of the trend of pollutant PM2.5 can provide a scientific basis for the development of effective air pollution control measures [5, 6]. And this measure can effectively reduce the health hazards caused by air pollution, so as to achieve early warning and arrange the plan reasonably [7].
For a long time, many scholars have studied the air pollution problem and proposed a variety of prediction models, such as autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) [8] model, support vector machine (SVM) [9], multiple linear regression model [10], Elman neural network [11], multilayer perceptron, gray model [12] and so on. Mihaela Oprea et al. [13] applied artificial neural network (ANNs) and adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system to the prediction of PM2.5 concentration. Since SVM solves the support vector by means of quadratic programming, it is only suitable for the prediction of small samples, while it is difficult to predict large-scale samples. The cross-validation method is usually used to test the effect of the established model. Most of the sample data is used as the training set, and the rest are reserved as the test set for measuring error. However, with the sample size increases, the computational complexity increases and predictive efficiency is difficult to control. The basic premise of ARIMA modeling is that the time series should be a stationary sequence, which exhibits unsatisfactory prediction performance in time-varying and complex sequences. Deng et al. [14] proposed heterogeneous space-time artificial neural networks to deal with spatial heterogeneity, which is applied to the prediction of the concentration of fine particles of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei. The study area is divided into a set of homogeneous sub-areas by space-time series clustering. And the space-time autocorrelation analysis is introduced to discover the space-time dependence structure of the time series. Wang et al. [8] applied the autoregressive integrated moving average model to predict air pollutants and air quality in several cities. Ong et al. [15] proposed a deep recurrent neural network for the characteristics of time series prediction. The model can accurately predict the PM2.5 concentration. The design of different prediction models should be suitable for the characteristics of different data [9,16,17]. Therefore, a prediction model of PM2.5 concentration has great research prospects.
The concentration of air pollutants such as PM2.5 is the time series collected by the sensors of the weather station in chronological order. Multiple models for time series prediction have been proposed [18]. In order to solve the air pollution monitoring and prevention in Kunming and Yuxi, China, Li et al. [17] studied the method called co-integration flower-pollination-algorithm support vector machine for the prediction of PM10 time series. To study the attenuation effect of haze on solar radiation scattering, Yao et al. [9] proposed a novel SVM-based method for the estimation of global solar radiation at the horizontal plane, which regards the air quality index as an additional input parameter. The new model improves the accuracy of the global solar radiation model by increasing the variables of daily global solar radiation, sunshine hours, temperature, relative humidity and air quality index. Affected by the subtropical monsoon climate, PM2.5 pollution in China's Yangtze River Delta is serious. Xiao et al. [19] used the Granger causality test to analyze the relationship between China's Lin'an, Ningbo, Nanjing and Shanghai regions, and introduced the vector auto-regressive (VAR) model to analyze the smog pollution between these regions, thus making reasonable prevention arrangements for the environment in the Yangtze River Delta region of China. VAR usually predicts the time series associated with each other, which can analyze the dynamic influence of random disturbance terms on the variable system, but the prediction results are poor for time series systems with weak correlation. In order to explore the relationship between the wind speed in the wind farm area and the power obtained, Khosravi et al. [20] used machine learning algorithms to predict wind speed in Brazilian Osorio wind farm, thus illustrating the multi-faceted effects of wind speed in the wind farm region on the generated electricity and effectively improving the utilization of wind energy in the power system. To better predict the concentration of particulate matter during wildfires, Colleen et al. [21] used 10-fold cross-validation to estimate PM2.5 concentrations during wildfires in Northern California in 2008 and reliably predict major wildfire events, which is better to ensure the safety of human life and property. Different prediction models should be used to solve the corresponding problems for different time series.

References
[1]	Liu T, Lau A K H, Sandbrink K, Fung J C H. Time Series Forecasting of Air Quality Based On Regional Numerical Modeling in Hong Kong [J]. Journal of Geophysical Research: Atmospheres, 2018, 123(8): 4175-4196.
[2]	Gomi K, Shimada K, Matsuoka Y. A low-carbon scenario creation method for a local-scale economy and its application in Kyoto city [J]. Energy Policy, 2010, 38(9):4783-4796.
[3]	Wong T W, Tam W W S, Yu I T S, Lau A K H, Pang S W, Wong A H S. Developing a risk-based air quality health index [J]. Atmospheric Environment, 2013, 76(3):52-58.
[4]	Hur S K, Oh H R, Ho C H, et al. Evaluating the predictability of PM10 grades in Seoul, Korea using a neural network model based on synoptic patterns [J]. Environmental Pollution, 2016, 218:1324-1333.
[5]	Huang C J, Kuo P H. A Deep CNN-LSTM Model for Particulate Matter (PM2.5) Forecasting in Smart Cities. Sensors, 2018, 18(7): 2220.
[6]	Lawrence L, Jun H. Investigation into the Effect of Atmospheric Particulate Matter (PM2.5 and PM10) Concentrations, on GPS Signals [J]. Sensors, 2017, 17(3):508-524.
[7]	Mahajan S, Chen L J, Tsai T C. Short-Term PM2.5 Forecasting Using Exponential Smoothing Method: A Comparative Analysis. Sensors, 2018, 18(10): 3223.
[8]	Wang P, Zhang H, Qin Z, Zhang G. A novel hybrid-Garch model based on ARIMA and SVM for PM2. 5 concentrations forecasting [J]. Atmospheric Pollution Research, 2017, 8(5): 850-860.
[9]	Yao W, Zhang C, Hao H, Wang X, Li X. A support vector machine approach to estimate global solar radiation with the influence of fog and haze [J]. Renewable Energy, 2018, 128: 155-162.
[10]	Ausati S, Amanollahi J. Assessing the accuracy of ANFIS, EEMD-GRNN, PCR, and MLR models in predicting PM2.5 [J]. Atmospheric Environment, 2016, 142: 465-474.
[11]	Liu H, Mi X, Li Y. Wind speed forecasting method based on deep learning strategy using empirical wavelet transform, long short term memory neural network and Elman neural network [J]. Energy Conversion and Management, 2018, 156: 498-514. 
[12]	Wang Z, Ye D. Forecasting Chinese carbon emissions from fossil energy consumption using non-linear grey multivariable models [J]. Journal of Cleaner Production, 2017, 142:600-612.
[13]	Oprea M, Mihalache S F, Popescu M. Computational Intelligence-based PM2. 5 Air Pollution Forecasting [J]. International Journal of Computers Communications & Control, 2017, 12(3): 365-380.
[14]	Deng M, Yang W, Liu Q, Jin R, Xu F, Zhang Y. Heterogeneous Space–Time Artificial Neural Networks for Space–Time Series Prediction [J]. Transactions in GIS, 2018, 22(1): 183-201.
[15]	Ong B T, Sugiura K, Zettsu K. Dynamically pre-trained deep recurrent neural networks using environmental monitoring data for predicting PM2.5 [J]. Neural Computing and Applications, 2016, 27(6): 1553-1566.
[16]	Zhu J, Wu P, Chen H, Zhou L, Tao Z. A Hybrid Forecasting Approach to Air Quality Time Series Based on Endpoint Condition and Combined Forecasting Model [J]. International journal of environmental research and public health, 2018, 15(9): 1941.
[17]	Li W, Kong D, Wu J. A New Hybrid Model FPA-SVM Considering Cointegration for Particular Matter Concentration Forecasting: A Case Study of Kunming and Yuxi, China [J]. Computational intelligence and neuroscience, 2017:1-11.
[18]	Biancofiore F , Busilacchio M , Verdecchia M , et al. Recursive neural network model for analysis and forecast of PM10 and PM2.5 [J]. Atmospheric Pollution Research, 2017, 8(4):652-659.
[19]	Xiao H, Huang Z, Zhang J, Zhang H, Chen J, Zhang H, Tong L. Identifying the impacts of climate on the regional transport of haze pollution and inter-cities correspondence within the Yangtze River Delta [J]. Environmental Pollution, 2017, 228: 26-34.
[20]	Khosravi A, Machado L, Nunes R O. Time-series prediction of wind speed using machine learning algorithms: A case study Osorio wind farm, Brazil [J]. Applied Energy, 2018, 224: 550-566.
[21]	Reid C E, Jerrett M, Petersen M L, Pfister G G, Morefield P E, Tager I B, Raffuse S E, Balmes J R. Spatiotemporal prediction of fine particulate matter during the 2008 Northern California wildfires using machine learning [J]. Environmental science & technology, 2015, 49(6): 3887-3896.
1.1.5 Research significance
East Asia is Asia's most economically and culturally developed region. Together with the European Union and North America, it is ranked as the three most developed regions in the world today. Among them, Japan belongs to the world's leading developed countries, South Korea and Russia belong to the generally developed countries, China is a developing country with a high degree of development, and the economic development of North Korea and Mongolia is slightly behind. Since the mid-20th century, the region's economy has developed rapidly, and its late development potential has also been widely recognized. In the process of rapid economic development, the environmental problems caused by resource consumption and waste discharge, especially the air pollution problem with cross-regional influence, greatly affect the economic cooperation and sustainable development of the region. An in-depth analysis of relevant issues is conducive to finding the essence of the problem and then adopting cost-effective measures to solve it. To this end, this paper plans to use the natural geography and atmospheric circulation in East Asia as a basis, and use the air pollution diffusion and migration model as a tool to explore the major urban agglomerations or economic development zones in East Asia in the context of economic development and air pollution control processes. The atmospheric environment evolution process, analyze the objective effects of air pollution prevention and control measures, find out the air pollution prevention and control measures that can adapt to the natural characteristics of the region, and promote the coordination of economic development and atmospheric environmental protection, and provide reference for the sustainable development of the region's social economy.

1.2 Air Pollution Problems and Countermeasures for Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction in East Asia
The current situation of atmospheric environment and node emission reduction in the developed countries of Japan and South Korea, which are typical of East Asia, is analyzed.

1.2.1 Japan's air pollution problems and energy conservation and emission reduction measures
Since the end of World War II, Japan has focused on developing the economy and neglecting environmental protection. It was once called "advanced public countries." According to the records, in the 1950s and 1960s, Japan was in the economic take-off period, but the pollution problem was very serious. The deteriorating environment has deeply affected the Japanese people. As the environment worsens, both the nationals and the government pay attention to the reasons behind the problems. At the same time, due to the small size of land in Japan, most industrial areas are adjacent to residential areas, and environmental pollution is very harmful to people. The most typical one is Kitakyushu. Then, with the awakening of the national awareness of the atmospheric environment, people's attention to air pollution has also greatly increased. Therefore, it is of great significance to study the environmental pollution and resource shortages in Japan and the current energy conservation and emission reduction strategies.
Problems in the process of industrialization
After entering Japan in modern times, Kitakyushu City is known as the "Seven Colors Sky." According to records, the average monthly dustfall in the city in 1965 was 80 tons. In 1969, Kitakyushu City was also included in the history of Japanese cities by sounding a smoke alarm. In the middle of the last century, due to years of air pollution, major cities such as Tokyo and Osaka were once known as "smoke capitals." In such an air environment, various industrial diseases have been concentrated in industrial areas where factories are concentrated. Minamata disease in Kumamoto Prefecture, second mink disease in Niigata Prefecture, asthma in Yokkaichi, and pain in Toyama Prefecture all appeared during this period [1]. The emergence of this case directly became a turning point in Japan's environmental protection history.
In response to environmental problems, the Japanese government and people have actively taken measures [2]. In order to protect the atmosphere and water quality, the Japanese government enacted the "Public Water Quality Preservation Law" and the "Factory Emission Regulation Regulations" in 1958, and the "Smoke Emission Regulation Law" was enacted in 1962, which officially opened the national environment in Japan. The prelude to protection.
From the 1960s to the 1970s, the Japanese government increased its environmental protection efforts and paid special attention to environmental legislation. During this period, Japan has successively promulgated the "Basic Law on Pollution Prevention", "Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law", "Noise Regulation Law", "Water Pollution Control Law", "Marine Pollution Prevention Law", "Odor Control Law" and "Natural Environmental Protection". A series of environmental laws such as the Law have laid a good legal foundation for the management of environmental issues. Among them, in order to strengthen pollution control measures, a strict “straight penalty system” is provided [3-5].
With the development of various relevant laws and regulations and the improvement of the environmental management system, environmental governance has achieved initial results. By the late 1970s, the issue of public nuisance had come to an end. However, the ensuing secondary oil crisis and the stagnation of economic growth have brought new challenges to enterprises, and new issues have emerged in environmental governance. The resource shortage problem and the global warming effect have become public environmental issues of general concern to the Japanese people. To this end, in 1972, Japan introduced the Energy Conservation Law, which pursues energy conservation.
In response to Japan's special environmental problems, the government has promulgated local legislation prior to national legislation, special legislation on motor vehicle exhaust emission control, air pollution litigation and judgment, and air pollution victim relief system [6]. The Special Measures for the Reduction of Specific Regional Amounts of Nitrogen Omissions from Motor Vehicles, which was enacted by Japan in 1992, was designed to reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide, ozone and volatile organic compounds. At the same time, in 2001, the addition of particulate matter was a legally controlled substance, and a new "Special Measures for the Reduction of Specific Amounts of Nitrogen Oxides and Particulate Matter for Motor Vehicles" was formulated. These measures have effectively alleviated environmental pressures in Japan [7, 8].
Problems in the process of urbanization
With the development of globalization, Japan's urbanization process is closely linked to its economic development, and can be summarized into three stages: (1) From the end of the 19th century to the 1950s (the initial stage of urbanization), Japan was an agricultural country but the proportion of the population was less than 10%. At this time, the level of urbanization in Japan increased by 0.44 percentage points annually. (2) From the early 1950s to the end of the 1970s (the rapid development of urbanization), the Japanese economy recovered in 1955 and surpassed the pre-war level. Due to the rapid economic development, the rural population flocked to the three major cities of Tokyo, Osaka, and Nagoya. The circle promoted the process of urbanization in Japan, when the level of urbanization grew by nearly 1.5 percentage points. (3) From the late 1970s to the present (the stage of rapid urbanization), there are 688 cities in Japan, including 11 cities with a population of more than one million, 80 cities with a population of 200,000 or more, and populations below 100,000. 597 cities, the urban population has basically reached saturation, in particular, the population of large cities has reached saturation, and the population of Tokyo and Osaka has seen zero growth. In addition, traditional industries have begun to move factories out of big cities, move to surrounding areas and even overseas, and labor has therefore turned to suburban, small and medium-sized cities or rural areas. Urbanization began to be transformed into several dispersions.
Due to the development of urbanization in Japan, the following three problems have also appeared in the process. (1) Insufficient labor supply and fluctuations in unemployment rate. According to Japanese population data in the Japanese economic digital map, the population of Japan has reached 128 million in 2010, an increase of 85% over 1935, of which women increased by 90%, men increased by 80%, and female population increased. The speed is always higher than that of men, so the gender ratio will be out of tune. The problem of population aging is also becoming more and more prominent, and the shortage of labor has become an important issue that restricts the development of Japan's economy. (2) The urban land price soared and the bubble economy affected the sustainable development of the economy. First of all, the land issue is the fundamental problem of the city. The supply of land has led to an increase in land prices. From 1955 to 1972, land prices in Japan rose by 17.5 times. This led to the root cause of the "bubble economy" in which the Japanese economy was in a long-term depression. (3) The urban load is too heavy and the living environment of the residents deteriorates. The rapid development of the economy has accelerated the pace of urbanization. A large number of rural people have moved to large cities such as Tokyo and Osaka. The result is overcrowded, and the poor can only live in slums where the environment is rather harsh. The pollutants emitted by industrial and mining enterprises with oil as the main fuel have increased sharply, which has worsened the urban air quality. Car exhaust also makes the already declining air quality even worse. And the heat island phenomenon in Japan is also caused by the overpopulation of the population. All of the above are the difficulties that Japan faces in the process of urbanization [9, 10].
In response to the prominent problems that have emerged in Japan during the process of urbanization, Japan has also given a good solution to the ideas and methods, and to some extent has achieved good results. In 1962, in order to narrow the differences between regions and prevent urban expansion, the National Comprehensive Development Plan was implemented to correctly handle the coordination relationship between population, resources and environment [11]. Secondly, in the process of learning lessons and reshaping the real estate industry, the Japanese government introduced three reform measures in line with market development: (1) Revitalize the real estate and other economic sectors by increasing the use of government bonds to invest in expensive public support projects. (2) Stimulating the economy and relaxing restrictions. (3) The government adjusts the construction policy to facilitate the developer's real estate project development. After that, Japan increased its environmental governance from a legal perspective. In 1993, Japan’s Environmental Basic Law established a new environmental policy. All the problems of urban environment and global environmental deterioration that occurred during the process of urbanization were incorporated into the legal system. In June 2000, the Basic Law on Recycling Society was enacted. In addition, Japanese nationals have developed from a spontaneous anti-nuisance campaign to an organized, national, and cross-disciplinary mass environmental movement. For example, actively carry out campaigns against automobile exhaust emissions and against noise pollution caused by vehicles. There are also many citizens who are obliged to clean up the rivers near the houses and classify and recycle the garbage [12, 13].
References
1.	Ohara T, Akimoto H, Kurokawa J I, et al. An Asian emission inventory of anthropogenic emission sources for the period 1980–2020[J]. Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics, 2007, 7(16): 4419-4444.
2.	Wang S X, Zhao B, Cai S Y, et al. Emission trends and mitigation options for air pollutants in East Asia[J]. Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics, 2014, 14(13): 6571-6603. 
3.	Lu Z, Streets D G, Zhang Q, et al. Sulfur dioxide emissions in China and sulfur trends in East Asia since 2000[J]. Atmospheric Chemistry and physics, 2010, 10(13): 6311-6331.
4.	Zhang L, Jacob D J, Boersma K F, et al. Transpacific transport of ozone pollution and the effect of recent Asian emission increases on air quality in North America: an integrated analysis using satellite, aircraft, ozonesonde, and surface observations[J]. Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics Discussions, 2008, 8(2): 8143-8191.
5.	Woo J H, Baek J M, Kim J W, et al. Development of a multi-resolution emission inventory and its impact on sulfur distribution for Northeast Asia[J]. Water, air, and soil pollution, 2003, 148(1-4): 259-278. 
6.	Cai S, Wang Y, Zhao B, et al. The impact of the “air pollution prevention and control action plan” on PM2. 5 concentrations in Jing-Jin-Ji region during 2012–2020[J]. Science of the Total Environment, 2017, 580: 197-209.
7.	Kasuga H, Takaya M. Does inequality affect environmental quality? Evidence from major Japanese cities[J]. Journal of cleaner production, 2017, 142: 3689-3701.
8.	Sugimura Y, Murakami S. Problems in Japan’s governance system related to end-of-life electrical and electronic equipment trade[J]. Resources, Conservation and Recycling, 2016, 112: 93-106.
9.	Wang Shuxiao, Xing J, Jang C, et al. Impact assessment of ammonia emissions on inorganic aerosols in East China using response surface modeling technique[J]. Environmental science & technology, 2011, 45(21): 9293-9300. 
10.	Van Vuuren D P, Riahi K, Moss R, et al. A proposal for a new scenario framework to support research and assessment in different climate research communities [J]. Global Environmental Change, 2012, 22(1): 21-35.    
11.	Sueyoshi T, Goto M. Investment strategy for sustainable society by development of regional economies and prevention of industrial pollutions in Japanese manufacturing sectors[J]. Energy economics, 2014, 42: 299-312.
12.	Masuda N, Nagae S, Sato N, et al. Applied technologies to prevent environmental risks after mine closure in Japan and future perspectives[J]. Gospodarka Surowcami Mineralnymi, 2008, 24(3/1): 389-398.
13.	Scott Voorhees A, Uchiyama I. Cost Analysis of Particulate Matter Control Programs–A Case Study of Tokyo[J]. Journal of Risk Research, 2007, 10(6): 759-772. 

1.2.2 Air Pollution Problems and Countermeasures for Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction in Korea
Since the end of the Second World War, South Korea has been a relatively pure agricultural country with few decent industrial systems. Its economic base is agriculture and a small amount of light industry. Because industrialization is almost the dream of all developing countries, the beginning of South Korea's industrialization is focused on high-polluting heavy industry. Therefore, the deteriorating environment has caused the Korean people to suffer and the awareness of environmental protection has been awakened. Therefore, it is of great significance to study environmental pollution, resource shortages, and current environmental protection strategies and energy conservation and emission reductions in Korea.
Problems in the process of industrialization
With the rapid development of industrialization in Korea and the advancement of large-scale national projects and regional development projects of the Korean government since the 21st century, environmental pollution incidents have inevitably increased, and the Korean government and the public and local governments have been caused by environmental problems. The conflict is increasing day by day. In the process of modernization in Korea, industrialization and commercialization have brought serious negative impacts on the environment, causing environmental pollution and ecological damage.
In the process of industrialization, governments and enterprises have failed to anticipate so many environmental pollution problems, and they believe that environmental pollution can be solved in a short period of time, leading to government inaction after pollution, thus causing environmental pollution and ecological damage. The continuous amount of accumulation has become a deterioration of the ecological environment. At the same time, environmental disputes and conflicts continue to increase. On the one hand, environmental pollution and ecological damage have caused increasing damage to residents; on the other hand, residents' awareness of environmental awareness and rights has been continuously enhanced, and their sensitivity to environmental damage has been continuously enhanced. Together, these two reasons have led to a surge in the number of protests and conflicts on environmental issues. In order to resolve conflicts in the environmental field, the Korean government has established a corresponding conflict management system and established a special conflict management mechanism, so that many environmental conflicts have been resolved in a timely manner, but some problems have also been exposed [14, 15].
In the 1990s, the government continued to develop heavy chemical industry in promoting economic development. Large multi-chemical industries produced harmful substances that pollute the atmosphere in the production process, which caused frequent problems such as water pollution, especially every year. Water pollution. The 1989 heavy metal pollution incident, the 1990 capital water carcinogen incident, the most serious environmental pollution in South Korea since the 20th century in 1991, the "Luodong River phenol pollution incident" and the "Sea-Prince" ship in the south More serious environmental pollution problems such as oil spills on the coast have not only aroused public concern about environmental pollution, but also enhanced the public's environmental awareness [16, 17]. During this period, many social and environmental civil organizations were established, and they began to cooperate with government and university research institutes to carry out environmental protection projects, and thus increased their social influence. At the same time, the Korean government has begun to pay attention to cooperation with environmental civil organizations, and all government environmental policies will receive opinions and suggestions from environmental civil organizations [18].
In the 1990s, in response to the increasingly serious environmental conflicts, the Korean government has enacted a series of laws on environmental conflict management. Among them, the Weather Environmental Protection Law, Water Quality and Environmental Protection Law, and Noise Vibration, issued in 1990. Four Environmental Laws, including the Regulations on Environmental Pollution Damage Disputes Mediation. According to the current laws and regulations of South Korea, environmental conflicts can be resolved through two paths: one is resolved by negotiation between the two parties to the conflict; the other is solved through third-party intervention [19, 20].
South Korea has effectively eased and improved the environmental situation in South Korea through the effective implementation of environmental conflict management laws and regulations. At the same time, the Korean government attaches great importance to the education related to the prevention and resolution of national environmental conflicts, and the forms are diverse and effective. The nationals have generally had a high environmental awareness and can take a reasonable response to environmental conflicts.
Problems in the process of urbanization
With the rapid development of industrialization and urbanization in Korea and the promotion of large-scale national projects and regional development projects since the 21st century, environmental pollution incidents have inevitably increased, and environmental problems have been caused between the Korean government and the public and local governments. The resulting conflicts are increasing.
In the process of modernization in Korea, industrialization, urbanization and commercialization have brought serious negative impacts on the environment, causing environmental pollution and ecological damage. Especially urbanization, it brings convenience to people's lives, but also brings a lot of negative effects. The biggest change is that the living space is getting closer, which makes private space more vulnerable.
Since the beginning of the 21st century, important changes have also taken place in the types of environmental conflicts in South Korea. The conflicts between the neighbors (NIMBY) and the conflicts between neighbors have become increasingly serious. And as people's demands for quality of life continue to increase, residents living in large cities are increasingly exposed to environmental conflicts caused by noise, sunshine and other issues due to high housing prices and small space [21, 22]. Large-scale environmental conflicts and protests have made it impossible for the Korean government to ignore and do nothing about the environmental problems brought about by the pursuit of economic development. Under the pressure of the people, the Korean government has continuously reformed and improved its environmental policies [23, 24]. In order to resolve the growing number of environmental conflicts, South Korea has gradually established an environmental conflict management system. The system played an important role in the management of environmental conflicts, enabling a large number of environmental conflicts to be effectively resolved [25].
During the Fifth Republic in the 1980s, as environmental pollution, environmental damage and environmental conflicts became more severe, the quality of life of the people declined. As the industrial area gradually spread to the surrounding areas, the nearby residents became more serious due to environmental damage [26]. Urban environmental conflicts generally occur near the Jiu Lao Industrial Zone in Seoul. Due to the large amount of pollutants produced in the coal production process, coal companies often collide with residents living in local cities. As a result, people are paying more attention to environmental pollution, and the people's struggles are constantly escalating. The government began to pay attention to environmental issues and formulate relevant policies. The government not only covered environmental rights protection in the Constitution, but also began to enact environmental protection laws, and also established the Environmental Agency under the jurisdiction of the central government [27, 28].
With the continuous development of urbanization and the awakening of people's awareness of environmental protection, the Korean government has promulgated the 10-year comprehensive plan for environmental health. In order to provide a more systematic implementation of environmental health policies and provide a legal basis for the formulation of policies and plans, in March 2008, Korea enacted the Environmental Health Law. This law aims to protect and improve the health of the national health and the ecological environment, and to concretize the "environmental rights" and "health rights" in the Constitution, and to investigate, monitor, prevent and reduce the impact on national health and the ecological environment. Specific provisions for hazardous environmental pollutants and hazardous chemicals [29, 30]. According to the current measures taken by South Korea on environmental issues, its results are good. However, the urbanization process is facing a rapid development trend, and the government and the market need to further coordinate to achieve the “green living” environment that the people expect.

1.2.3 China's air pollution problems and energy conservation and emission reduction measures
China is the largest developing country in East Asia and the world. First, analyze the status of air pollution and energy conservation and emission reduction in China. Then analyze the multi-faceted environmental pollution and resource shortages that occur in the process of industrialization and urbanization. In recent years, many smog incidents, insufficient water resources, and deterioration of the environment have emerged. The intensification of these problems has triggered public concern about environmental issues, and has accompanied people's awareness of environmental awareness and increased demand for living environment. A number of corresponding research and analysis, governance measures, energy conservation and emission reduction policies have been proposed, and have achieved relatively significant results. China's Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region is a typical large-scale urban agglomeration. After the environmental problems are highlighted, a number of policies have been actively adopted to control air pollution and achieve energy conservation and emission reduction. This section analyzes China as a typical developing country, first summarizes the research progress of China's air pollution prevention and control work; secondly, describes the specific status of China's air pollution and energy conservation and emission reduction; further explores the application of CMAQ in the Jing-Jin-Ji region as a model The analysis and application of air quality model and its effect examples, based on this, summarize the policy promotion effects of air pollution and energy conservation and emission reduction in other regions.
1)	China's air pollution prevention and control process
In recent years, China's air quality has improved slowly, and the total amount of air pollutants has been high for many years. With the continuous smog weather in many places in China, the situation of air pollution prevention and control has become extremely severe. In this context, how to reduce the harm caused by air pollution has become a key part of China's environmental protection work. The Chinese government also attaches great importance to the issue of environmental air quality. The prevention and control work began in the 1970s. Here, we summarize the research progress of China's air pollution prevention and control work. Reviewing China's air pollution prevention and control process can be roughly divided into the following four stages.
First stage: 1970-1990
From 1970 to 1990, it was the initial stage of China's air pollution control. During this period, the main source of pollution control in China's air pollution control was industrial point sources. The main controlled pollutants were suspended particulate matter, and the air pollution range was mainly local. Environmental quality management mainly involves emission concentration control, smoke and dust removal, industrial point source management and territorial management.
In 1973, China issued the first national environmental protection standard - "Industrial "three wastes" emission standards", which set emission limits for some atmospheric pollutants; in 1987, China issued regulations for industrial and coal pollution prevention The Law on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution applies the means of law to the prevention and control of atmospheric pollution, and strengthens the prevention and treatment of atmospheric pollution. These two developments are milestones in the prevention and control of air pollution.
Second stage: 1990 to 2000
From 1990 to 2000, the main sources of pollution at this stage were coal burning and industry. The main pollutants were SO2 and suspended particulate matter. The main pollution characteristics are coal dust and acid rain, and the air pollution range extends from local pollution to local and regional pollution.
Acid rain and sulfur dioxide pollution seriously endanger the health of residents, destroy ecosystems, and corrode building materials, causing huge economic losses. At that time, the State Council attached great importance to the problem of acid rain and sulfur dioxide pollution, and incorporated the control of acid rain and sulfur dioxide pollution into the 1995 Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law.  In January 1998, the State Council approved the acid rain control zone and the sulfur dioxide pollution control zone (hereinafter referred to as the "two control zones") division plan, and proposed the "two control zones" acid rain and sulfur dioxide pollution control targets. In 2000, the “two control zones” were required to implement total SO2 emission control.
During this period, the Air Pollution Prevention and Control Act was amended twice in 1995 and 2000. After these two amendments, from the 41 legal provisions in 1987 to the 66 articles in 2000, some new systems have been established, and the original legal norms have been enriched and perfected. This is also a legal form that reflects the country's strategy to achieve economic and social sustainable development, efforts to control air pollution, and the decision-making and positive actions taken by the natural environment.
The third stage: 2000 to 2010
From 2000 to 2010, it was a stage in which significant progress was made in air pollution in China. During this period, not only the control requirements for coal, industrial and dust pollution were put forward, but also the pollution control of motor vehicles was included in the agenda, and sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides and PM10 were listed as the main control targets. The air pollution problem is mainly coal soot, acid rain, PM2.5 and photochemical pollution, and the regional composite characteristics of air pollution are initially revealed.
The "Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law" revised in 2000 added the total control of sulfur dioxide emissions in two control areas, the control of pollutant emissions from motor vehicles and the control of dust pollution. Later, the total control scope of sulfur dioxide emissions was extended to the whole country and included in the “Eleventh Five-Year Plan” national binding total control indicators. During this period, the state revised and tightened the "Air Pollutant Emission Standards for Thermal Power Plants" and "Boiler Air Pollutant Emission Standards" to continuously promote the upgrading of vehicle pollutant discharge standards nationwide.
China hosted the Beijing Olympic Games in 2008 and the Shanghai World Expo and the Guangzhou Asian Games in 2010. The air quality problems during the meeting received attention from all walks of life. In order to ensure good air quality during the meeting, under the leadership of the relevant departments of the State Council, the regional joint prevention and control mechanism was implemented and achieved remarkable results. After years of prevention and control of atmospheric pollution, the concentration of primary pollutants in the ambient air has been initially controlled in the context of China's rapid economic development. According to Beijing's environmental air quality management and sulfur dioxide emissions, despite the rapid economic and social development in Beijing during the decade, the concentrations of PM10, SO2, respirable particulate matter, carbon monoxide and other pollutants in Beijing's ambient air are declining. However, the ambient air quality is still far from the expectations of the people.
But overall, China is facing rapid industrialization and urbanization. Energy consumption, especially coal consumption indicators, has grown rapidly. High-pollution industries such as steel have been expanding. China's automobile production and sales have become the world's largest countries. China's cement production accounts for more than 50% of the world's total. These have brought enormous challenges to China's environmental air quality management.
China launched the “China Environmental Macro Strategy Research” from 2007 to 2009, and the strategic research included the air pollution prevention and control strategy. The strategic research puts forward a road map for China's air pollution prevention and control. The overall objectives of the strategic research include: by 2050, through the comprehensive prevention and control of air pollution, the concentration of various pollutants in the ambient air will be greatly reduced, and the quality of the atmospheric environment in cities and key areas will be significantly improved, fully meeting the national air quality standards, and basically achieving the World Health Organization (WHO). The guidance value of ambient air quality meets the requirements for protecting public health and ecological safety. China's air quality management should be in line with the World Health Organization's standard system to continuously improve ambient air quality.
The fourth stage: after 2010
2010 is a crucial year for China to enter the 12th Five-Year Plan. Two main characteristics of air pollution in China: (1) The emission of major air pollutants is huge, except for sulfur dioxide during the “Eleventh Five-Year Plan” period, and other pollutant emissions are increasing. (2) The characteristics of regional and composite air pollution are prominent.
The “Twelfth Five-Year Plan” incorporates the total amount of NOX and SO2 emissions into the binding targets of the 12th Five-Year Plan (Table I), which is a major progress in the prevention and control of air pollution in China. At the same time, optimize industrial upgrading with environmental standards and continue to tighten the limits of pollutant emissions in various industries. In 2011, the emission standards for coal-fired power plants were revised again to adapt to China's air quality management and the fact that China's coal-fired power plants are large. This standard is relatively 
